<vbox id="tu-prefpane-help-context-actions">
  <groupbox aria-labelledby="tu-help-context-actions-title">
    <label>
      <html:h2 id="tu-help-context-actions-title" class="tu-lang-fa">میانبرهای راست‌کلیک آیتم‌ها</html:h2>
      <html:h2 class="tu-lang-en" hidden="hidden">Context Menu Shortcuts</html:h2>
    </label>
    <html:p>
      <html:span class="tu-lang-fa">افزونه چند گزینهٔ جدید به منوی راست‌کلیک آیتم‌ها اضافه می‌کند تا بتوانید فایل‌ها را در تب یا پنجرهٔ مستقل باز کنید.</html:span>
      <html:span class="tu-lang-en" hidden="hidden">The plugin adds extra right-click options so you can open attachments in their own tab or window.</html:span>
    </html:p>
    <html:ol>
      <html:li>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-fa">روی هر آیتم (کتاب، مقاله یا فایل پیوست) راست‌کلیک کنید تا منوی جدید نمایش داده شود.</html:span>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-en" hidden="hidden">Right-click any item (book, article, or attachment) to reveal the enhanced menu.</html:span>
      </html:li>
      <html:li>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-fa">گزینهٔ «نمایش در تب جدید» آیتم یا فایل انتخابی را داخل تب جداگانه در محیط زوترو باز می‌کند.</html:span>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-en" hidden="hidden">Choose “Open in New Tab” to display the selected item or file inside a dedicated Zotero tab.</html:span>
      </html:li>
      <html:li>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-fa">گزینهٔ «نمایش در پنجره جدید» همان محتوا را در پنجرهٔ شناور و مستقل باز می‌کند؛ مناسب برای مقایسهٔ چند مدرک.</html:span>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-en" hidden="hidden">“Open in New Window” launches the same content in a floating Zotero window—ideal for side-by-side comparison.</html:span>
      </html:li>
      <html:li>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-fa">اگر آیتم فایل PDF داشته باشد، گزینهٔ «باز کردن PDF در تب جدید» فعال می‌شود و فایل را مستقیم در تب خوانش زوترو باز می‌کند.</html:span>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-en" hidden="hidden">When a PDF is available, “Open PDF in New Tab” appears and routes the document straight to Zotero’s reader.</html:span>
      </html:li>
      <html:li>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-fa">در صورت نبودن فایل مرتبط، گزینه‌ها به‌صورت خودکار پنهان می‌شوند تا منوی اصلی شلوغ نشود.</html:span>
        <html:span class="tu-lang-en" hidden="hidden">If an attachment is missing, the plugin hides the shortcuts automatically to keep the menu clean.</html:span>
      </html:li>
    </html:ol>
    <html:p>
      <html:span class="tu-lang-fa">برای شخصی‌سازی بیشتر می‌توانید در منوی «پلاگین → میانبرهای راست‌کلیک» ترجیح پیش‌فرض باز کردن در تب یا پنجره را انتخاب کنید.</html:span>
      <html:span class="tu-lang-en" hidden="hidden">Open the plugin menu → “Clipboard Mode / Context Menu” section to switch the default behaviour between tabs and windows.</html:span>
    </html:p>
  </groupbox>
</vbox>
